Optimize regex based header plugin. (#2392)
apollographql/router: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

By [@USERNAME](https://github.com/USERNAME) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/PULL_NUMBER
-->

## 🛠 Maintenance

> ### Optimize regex based header plugin ([PR #2391](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2389))
> 
> Lower chances to allocate when applying regex based header propagation rules.
> 
> By [@o0Ignition0o](https://github.com/o0Ignition0o) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2389

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Optimize header propagation plugin's regex matching ([PR #2391](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2389))

We've changed the plugin to reduce the chances of generating memory allocations when applying regex-based header propagation rules.

By [@o0Ignition0o](https://github.com/o0Ignition0o) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2389
```
